---
layout: post
title: My Favorite Things!
date: 2012-07-30 02:31:00.000000000 -04:00
categories: favorites life
---
<p>Hello! It's me, Cherie. Just wanted to say hi and welcome you to my blog.</p>
<p>This is just my personal blog. Which is awesome because I can talk about anything! You might see a blog post about Ohio State and then the next one in regards to Doctor Who. All I know is I like to write and I miss blogging. So here I am!</p>
<p>Now if you don't know me, feel free to click on my <a href="http://cherielampley.blogspot.com/p/about-me.html" target="_blank">about me</a> page to get to know a little about me. There is a list on that page of some of my all time favorite things. I don't think that is enough though. I am going to make it a point of a doing a list of my favorite things each month...starting now. It is a random list that may not have the same categories each month. But that is what makes this fun!</p>
<p><b>Favorite App:</b> <a href="http://path.com/" target="_blank">Path</a>. It just got a new update and I'm really enjoying it. Now I can check into movies and books and not just music. This is an app that I want to use with all of my close friends. If only they would download it. They have to trust me. They will like it. I would not steer them wrong. Oh and new users can import their Facebook status updates into Path. AND you can post to facebook, twitter, tumblr, and foursquare through the app. Its pretty cool.</p>
<p><b>Favorite Summer TV Show:</b> <a href="http://www.cwtv.com/shows/the-la-complex" target="_blank">LA Complex</a>. Oh the CW, how you make me watch your channel. I do like this show though and would watch it if it were on a different channel. I was happy it came back this summer because it felt like a summer show anyway when they premiered it back in April (?). The show is about a group of young actors, writers, musicians all living in a...wait for it...LA Complex.</p>
<p><b>Favorite YouTuber:</b> <a href="http://youtube.com/dailygrace" target="_blank">DailyGrace</a>. This was hard because I started to enjoy <a href="http://youtube.com/blacknerdcomedy" target="_blank">Black Nerd Comedy</a>'s videos as well recently. I can get my nerd on with his videos. I just started making YouTube videos (just my little take on the sports world) and I wanted to find some new channels to watch. When I came across DailyGrace, I knew this channel was right for me. She makes daily videos and she is hilarious. She teaches you things (sometimes wrong but who cares) and did I mention she's hilarious? Also like <a href="http://youtube.com/jrsportbrief" target="_blank">JRSportBrief</a>. His sports videos are informative and cool. And every once in a while you might see an athlete standing next to him.</p>
<p>So there you go. A few of my favorite things from July.</p>
